hello everybody my name is Nadine Epps
and on today's video I'm going to tell
you about my hair story and how it all
began
back in August of 2002 I decided to Vic
chop my hair unfortunately I do not have
any photos of my big chop but my cousin
had a picture of me back in December of
2002 around Christmas time and I asked
her to send me that photo via text and
she did unfortunately I couldn't
download it and upload it to my computer
because something was going on so I just
decided to let you see this photo
straight from my phone so here it is 8
years later I decided to start loving my
hair cuz I wasn't taking good care of it
you were seeing this next photo that my
ears are very split and tired and beat
up for me coloring anything doing weird
stuff to myself so first I decided to
join keep calm and photo share
and learn from other girls who's taking
care of their nails from here then I set
some goals
six months later my hair felt and looked
so much better but I noticed that the
reviens were still there and they needed
to be cut so I cut the ends off and a
little over a year later and looked like
this now you can see in the back of my
hair I had that W in the middle on the
very first photo and after I cut it it
still was there but I kept it up I kept
up my hair regimen and yeah just grew
out a little bit longer so here again I
back in January of 2012 I cut it again
and I told it 2012 that's what it looks
like so I joined the natural hair
challenge 2014 it's called it's all mine
natural hair challenge and what we're
supposed to grow fifteen inches of hair
so I started keeping track of my hair
taking photos and videos and stuff and
uh so in October of 2013 I have to do
this all over again
here it is with my hair being wet with
conditioner how my hair looks as it was
growing out too so in October I'll be
doing the lint Inc with that as well so
now I'm going to show you a few of my
hairstyles my favorite winter hairstyle
for protection is weeks and using the
spring hair stylist tree braids I am
going to show you two sets of tree
braids my tree braids make me feel real
sexy and hot so watch the attitude
everybody's my name is Mary Matt's
coming to you to show you my new look
yeah I went from a coalition to
divalicious I decided I want to change
my look for the next six to eight weeks
and I think I like the way I look now
now don't get me wrong I do like rocking
my desk but every once in a while even
an afro stitch woman has to change the
look when she gets that feeling
and you know it's springtime I'm feeling
good in mine in my hair
I didn't want to add their blood to my
natural hair so I decided to get some
tree braids now I'm feeling these three
braids yes they have too cute and you
know it's good to have changed every
once in a while don't be afraid to step
out of your comfort zone and go to
another side that you want to be you
know you want to feel sexy and you know
you do what you want to do to make
yourself feel sexy and I decided to add
some extensions to my hair so this is a
protective hairstyle so yes my hair will
be protected at the same time while I'm
looking glamorous so anyway I was just
one to you guys if there's anybody want
to step up your comfort zone and do
something different to themselves let me
talk about my brush first you guys have
seen this brush in a lot of videos this
is my little friend but this is a petal
brushing is very wide and
you know I brush it very lightly I do
have a video on how to brush three
braids you cannot brush like this you'll
possibly snatch your hair up your
extensions Degas
so you always want to be gentle with it
and you just have to brush lightly like
I said this is kinky wavy tree braids
and this area is actually kicked for
real so that's why herelet's pushy and
wild and untamed because it's supposed
to look like that not to say they're
natural hair especially an untamed going
he was riding with me but just again
wigs are my favorite protective style in
the wintertime so the next video is
going to be me talking about how I take
care of my hair I'm gonna really quick
yeah the parts are only fuzz gone isn't
that something
now I don't know if my hair grows a half
an inch per month or not but it
definitely grows and I'm able to retain
and keep all this limp because I not
popping breaking it so when I wear my
wigs I do have this thing look upon
itself but I have it loose so that it
won't pull and tug and hurt when I wear
the cap my weight cap then how place
this way kappa oh my head
this is to prevent the wig from snagging
and pulling my hair also protected and I
have my little pony ball back here so
when I do wear my wigs no one knows how
much hair I have because you don't see a
big bulge up here
my hair is that fat you know you can
always tell when somebody's not when
they're not um French braiding the hair
or wrapping or whatever because it looks
lumpy in your hair seem like a I don't
know castle
so now that I've shown you what I've
done to get my hair to grow and be nice
and healthy and I came up with a hair
regimen and I'll tell you what I do like
the protective styles and I wear my hair
in the springtime this is how my hair
looks today
as you can see my hair in the front is
not as long because I've been cutting in
it although I've been cutting and
cutting the front it's just it seems
just like it's just always still damaged
but anyway I got it to a to a good good
place right now I got my hair to a good
place yeah that's nice and thick and
healthy and I'm feeling it
it's just imagine how long my hair would
be now had I not been cutting it I mean
I kind of like got the control your
times and it's still at a nice length
but it could be way long about now had I
taken care of it long time ago if you're
interested in seeing my hair regimen I
will have a link to where you can go and
look at my hair regimen and also visit
my youtube page you'll see all my hair
care regimen on my channel so now I ask
myself what's next stay tuned if you
want to see what I got in store make
sure you click on one of these videos to
view for laughter month my dog will have
you cracking up also click on one of
these photos if you would like to see my
three brave videos natural hair videos
or just view my channel I am nezzie naps
and thank you for watching